I am currently hiking with Kristin Leah
Amy and Paul we just did for wrapping up
Grinnell glacier it's taking me the
entire eager to do this one because of
various closures and logistics and all
that other kind of stuff but I finally
did it and what a cool day this is
definitely a very very classic hike
because it is so fantastic but it's
about five and a half miles long and you
start over
add the Grinnell picnic area which is
over by Swift Current Lake and you wind
around josephine lake and Grinnell Lake
and then Tom then you end up over by the
glacier so you start out over by Swift
kurt lake and it's just really cool
looking towards the head of the lake and
then you can look back and see many
glacier hotel it's just really cool
little hotel and then i'm just walking
along treat area and then you'll pop out
over by josephine lake and of course
that's pretty stare and that the big old
alan mountain and just looking up the
drainage towards the pecan pass area and
then just looking at some of the there's
a boat dock that goes there which if you
want to you can take the boat time to
short it up not this time of year
because it's all closed but at other
times and anyways then from there you
start to gain some elevation and it's
just really fun how the the terrain
changes and goes for more tree to just
really starts to open up and you're
looking down into the fantastic Grinnell
Lake and it's just really cool with the
colors and then you have a jewing
towering above it and then looking up
towards the really cool waterfall coming
from Grinnell and I don't know he's just
fantastic and we were blessed to see
some moose today and not just one moose
or two moose but five moose and a couple
Bulls we're fighting and it's just a
very cool follow just defense at the
time of year to be out
for reasons like that and but anyways
yes awesome goats sauce some sheep
hanging out on the side of the hill and
then started climbing up and hopped up
to the there's a picnic area which has
pit toilets and I think that they are
normally stocked with toilet paper which
is nice and then after that you just
kind of go some stair steps and then you
are at the glacier and you can look at
upper Grinnell Lake and you can see
salamander and glacier and everything it
was snowing the day that we did it at
towards the top and now it's sunny so
it's just fall so it's all kinds of
weird but normally you can see Mount
ghoul looming above but uh yeah overall
super cool hike it's I just love mini
glacier because it just always seems to
yield big game and so and it of course
just the breathtaking views and the cool
lakes and stuff so anyways blah blah
blah
that's Grinnell Lake have you've never
done it you really should it's just a
it's gorgeous and fantastic and you get
to see glacier up close
anyways that's great like our Grinnell
glacier
you
where's the third ball
bottom right boy heat there after it -
oh yeah awesome bottom like oh here he
comes
Wow they are on it further regulation
that is that is a violent activity yes
oh how he took off here all right round
two
although one just gonna sit and low
there they all want you girl this is
moose bull moose number four look at his
beard look how bit he's an old guy look
how thick his beard is he is huge I bet
you that rack is enormous he just makes
it look small when I come up I just
can't stop saying WOW I always